# Machine Learning
> Sean Fronczak, PhD (Data Scientist - Machine Learning Engineer)

## Projects

### DeepLearn Music

Solo Dolo

## nbdev Structure Notes

### nbdev environment note
I chose nbdev because it allows for me to walk through the logic and unit test my code within a jupyter environment.  If you are unfamiliar with nbdev I suggest you read into it because it has changed the way I code and think about data science coding environments. That being said, many of the files are simply structural to the nbdev environment and are not "my work." If I didn't write about it here, you can probably assume its an nbdev thing.  For example, the `docs/` functionality of nbdev are not used in this repo but nbdev does not build the library if I remove this directory. Thus, ignore this directory.

### Notebooks ---> .py modules

The modules I create with these notebooks will be stored in `ml/` while the notebooks to create them are stored in `utils_nbs/`. The py modules are auto-generated by the notebooks (nbdev is great) and thus the notebooks are the source of truth. The notebooks are written with a combination of code, markdown, comments, use-cases, visualizations which is much more powerful than the basic comments-functionality that py files allow.  Thus, read the notebooks if you're interested in why I've coded something a certain way or are looking to understand it.

## Getting started

### Adding to linux python path

None of the modules will work unless the root of this repo is in your python path.  I include an example of adding it to linux below

1. Open ~/.bashrc file. 
1. Add the following to the end of it (note the path to the repo in my local drive is `~/seanczak/ml`)
```
PYTHONPATH=~/seanczak/ml:${PYTHONPATH}
export PYTHONPATH
```
1. then run `source ~/.bashrc` in terminal
1. You can test it within your python env using these commands
```
import os
try:
    user_paths = os.environ['PYTHONPATH'].split(os.pathsep)
except KeyError:
    user_paths = []
print(user_paths)
```

### Adding gdrive syncing

I don't track large files with git so instead I create a bunch of shuttling functionality for each project.  In order for that to work, you need to have access to my google drive with a `client_secrets.json` file in the root of this repo (it won't be tracked by git either obviously).